God is our Shield he is our only rock
the massacres Never End every single day
may God punish the Israelis and the
Americans where are the Arab states we
are slaughtered every minute of the day
where is Egypt where is Jordan where is
the International Community
no one is lending a helping hand we only
have God he is our Shield he is our
Rock when
when the Israeli tank started shelling
our homes we ran in all directions but
the Israeli soldiers continued to shoot
at every moving person many many have
fallen but we couldn't reach them to
give help women and children ran in all
directions out of horror I swear more
than 100 people were killed others were
wounded I was injured and I don't know
where my children are they don't know
where I am
either thousands of civilians were in
dire need of some flour or canned food
to feed their children as Aid was about
to be delivered to the north of Gaza
Strip they willfully opened fire in an
intensive manner killing and injuring
those innocent
[Music]
civilians make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer